It's no surprise that businesses need to
compete to gain a share of their markets and stay relevant.
However, it may be surprising to learn that data and
marketing analysts play an increasingly important role in this competition.
How are market trends shifting?
How are customers reacting to our products?
What are our forecasted sales into the next quarter?
Where and how do we use our marketing dollars?
These are a handful of questions that
marketing analysts aim to answer using all of this data.
These analysts frequently need foundational skills in statistics, Excel,
data visualization, so they can make
the decisions that are most impactful at improving business metrics.
In this course, you'll become familiar with
these tools and the skills needed to become a marketing analyst.
We will first provide a foundation in data and statistics.
Next, you'll dive into these concepts,
and gain skills using spreadsheets with Excel after which,
we'll be exploring data visualizations with Tableau.
In the second half of the course,
you'll be introduced to Google Analytics,
because websites are core to marketing.
So having a firm grasp of what and how to find that data will be key in understanding it.
The final section of this course is dedicated to helping you
parse through all the data and measure what matters most.
Welcome to your marketing analytics journey.